Connector examples (#78)
confluentinc/confluent-kubernetes-examples: connector/replicator-source-connector/README.md

# Replicator Source Connector

> In this example, you'll setup a Confluent Platform with installing replicator source connector plugin in Connect cluster and managing replicator source connectors declaratively. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In this example, you'll setup a Confluent Platform with Connect, and install and manage Replicator through the declarative `Connector` CRD.
```

> For replicator connector, is used to replicate data from one cluster to another, so we need to deploy both Source and Destination clusters. In this scenario, we are assuming 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Confluent Replicator is used to replicate data from one cluster to another, and so we'll need to two Kafka clusters - one Source and one Destination cluster. In this scenario, we deploy the Source cluster with SASL/Plain for authentication, and the Destination cluster with mTLS for authentication.
```
